VBRFIX
------
Vbrfix is a program that scans through mp3s. It then re-constructs
the mp3 removing things it doesn't recognise and creating a new VBR Header.

This should fix problems with incorrect bitrates, times and seek information in the mp3.
However Make sure You Back Up All Files, as if this program doesn't work don't moan you lost your mp3s.
visit www.willwap.co.uk for more information and source if you didn't get it with this file.
see COPYING for licence information.
see TODO for a list of problems/things to do.
see INSTALL for how to install vbrfix.
see AUTHORS for a list of authors.

OPTIONS
-------
OutPut Methods(choose one of)
  Prompt On Each File - For Each File You Fix Vbrfix asks you where to save it(you could replace the original).(default)
  OutPut To Selected OutPut Dir - All Files Fixed are put into the output dir (selected under the file menu)(you can replace oringinal if dirs are the same).
  OverWrite Originals - automatically copys the fixed mp3 over the original. (if vbrfix makes a error, this could be dangerous).
  Rename All Files To fileName(vbrfixed).mp3, this means instead of replacing the file, vbrfix renames it.(eg fred.mp3 -> fred(vbrfixed).mp3)
Other Options
  Remove Id3v1 Tags - removes the id3 tag at end of file(has information on tilte/artist, is 128bytes)
  Remove Id3v2 Tags - removes the id3v2 tag at start of file(has information on tilte/artist, is variable size)
  Don't Fix Files With Lame Vbr Tags - if we find a file where the vbr tag says its from LAME, ignore the file and don't fix it.don't mix with next option.
  Make VBR tag + copy LAME(if LAME) tag into it - make new vbr information, but put the lame tag into the file so the lame information isn't lost(default)
  Write Even If Not VBR - write a output file even if the file is constant bitrate.
  Write VBRTag even if not VBR -  write a output file with VBR tag information even if the file is constant bitrate.
  Only Display Errors - tends not to tell you things like bitrate in the 2nd box, where messages come up.
  Write Log File - writes a log file (very slow, don't use if possible as very slow in windows).

